OSDOCS-9364 updated ROSA PV Storage options (#70909)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/persistent-storage-csi-drivers-supported.adoc

* Does not support offline snapshots or resize. Volume must be attached to a running pod.
--
endif::openshift-dedicated,openshift-rosa[]
ifndef::openshift-rosa[]
[IMPORTANT]
====
If your CSI driver is not listed in the preceding table, you must follow the installation instructions provided by your CSI storage vendor to use their supported CSI features.
====
endif::openshift-rosa[]
ifdef::openshift-rosa[]

> In addition to the drivers listed in the preceding table, ROSA functions with CSI drivers from third-party storage vendors such as AWS FSX or Pure Storage Portworx. Red Hat does not oversee third-party provisioners or the connected CSI drivers and the vendors fully control source code, deployment, operation, and Kubernetes compatibility. These volume provisioners are considered customer-managed and the respective vendors are responsible for providing support. See the link:https://docs.openshift.com/rosa/rosa_architecture/rosa_policy_service_definition/rosa-policy-responsibility-matrix.html#rosa-policy-responsibilities_rosa-policy-responsibility-matrix[Shared responsibilities for Red{nbsp}Hat OpenShift Service on AWS] matrix for more information. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to the drivers listed in the preceding table, ROSA functions with CSI drivers from third-party storage vendors such as AWS FSX or Pure Storage Portworx. Red Hat does not oversee third-party provisioners or the connected CSI drivers and the vendors fully control source code, deployment, operation, and Kubernetes compatibility. These volume provisioners are considered customer-managed and the respective vendors are responsible for providing support. See the link:https://docs.openshift.com/rosa/rosa_architecture/rosa_policy_service_definition/rosa-policy-responsibility-matrix.html#rosa-policy-responsibilities_rosa-policy-responsibility-matrix[Shared responsibilities for {product-title}] matrix for more information. 
```

Author: Thanks @jeana-redhat! Updated! this one is good to merge whenever you get the chance
